wild.markdown, before:

---
title: Sinatra in The Wild
layout: default
---

*NOTE:* Feel free to fork
[Sinatra's website on GitHub](http://github.com/sinatra/sinatra.github.com)
and add your own entry to the `wild.markdown` file. Just push and we'll take
care of the rest.

Applications {#apps}
------------
- [Flickr Group Viewer](http://gv.vqvz.com) is a (nicer?) way to view photos in a flickr group -- [on GitHub](http://github.com/funkaoshi/gv.vqvz.com).
- [OnBoard](http://dev.vemarsas.it/onboard/) a web interface to manage Linux-based network appliances. 
- [Tweetrad.io](http://tweetrad.io/sinatra) text to speech conversion for twitter
- [Tweeps](http://tweeps.webdirections.org) conference app to aggregate
  tweets by attendees
- [Integrity](http://integrityapp.com) the easy and fun
  Continuous Integration server
- [Pearson Reader UAE](http://uae.pearsonreader.com) online textbooks for the
  Ministry of Education, Abu Dhabi
- [Healthy Communities](http://healthycommunities.lgsa.org.au) preventative
  health grant applications for Government
- [Sum](https://sumapp.com) is an email-based budgeting application
- [Shoes and a Shotgun](http://github.com/hansineffect/shoes-and-a-shotgun/)
  an one click development environment built on Shoes
- [Marley](http://github.com/karmi/marley) the blog engine
  without &lt;textareas&gt;
- [Postview](http://github.com/hallison/postview) a simple blog-engine that
  render text files written in [Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown).
- [Scanty](http://github.com/adamwiggins/scanty) an even more minimalist
  blogging engine
- [Scanty using CouchDB](http://github.com/jtulloch/scanty/tree/master)
- [Scanty using CouchDB 0.9.0a and CouchRest 0.16](http://github.com/norr/scanty/tree/master)
- [Haze](http://github.com/madx/haze) a lightweight and minimalist blogging
  engine using flat text files.
- [git-wiki](http://github.com/sr/git-wiki) a git-powered wiki
- [Wordnatra](http://github.com/gnugeek/wordnatra) an interface to Princeton's
  WordNet lexical dictionary
- [GitHub-FogBuz](http://github.com/johnreilly/github-fogbugz) logs your GitHub
  commits with FogBuz
- [Notable](http://github.com/namelessjon/notable) listens on Jabber to take
  your notes and then displays them back to you
- [Dash Sinatra](http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-sinatra) provides a Ruby API
  to push metrics from an app to the
  [FiveRuns Dash service](http://dash.fiveruns.com/)
- [Gaze](http://github.com/ichverstehe/gaze) tiny app that serves up your
  Markdown files
- [Giftsmas](http://github.com/jeremyevans/giftsmas) Gift Tracking Website
  using Sinatra, Sequel, and Scaffolding Extensions
- [Toopaste](http://github.com/zapnap/toopaste) Pastebin site created with
  Sinatra and DataMapper
- [Columnlog](http://github.com/quirkey/columnlog) Tiny feed fetching app
- [Kapow](http://code.google.com/p/kapow/) Comics on your iPhone
- [Knapsack](http://github.com/joseph/knapsack/tree/master) Pack pages into
  data URIs
- [Thumblmonks](http://github.com/thumblemonks/evoke/tree/master) Delayed HTTP
  Requests
- [weaky](http://github.com/benatkin/weaky) a basic CouchDB wiki
- [Amnesia](http://github.com/benschwarz/amnesia) an app that presents
  memcached server stats
- [Rash](http://github.com/webs/rash), Ruby, Twitter &amp; Hashtags
- [So Nice](http://github.com/sunny/so-nice) is a Small web interface to
  control iTunes, Rhythmbox or MPD
- [sinatra-rubygems](http://github.com/jnewland/sinatra-rubygems) A complete
  reimplementation of the gem server command as a Sinatra application
- [Nesta](http://effectif.com/nesta) is an SEO oriented CMS/blog for developers
- [Mogo](http://github.com/zapnap/mogo) A planet-style feed aggregator
- [Hancock](http://github.com/atmos/hancock/tree/master) A Single Sign On
  provider based on OpenID
- [Hancock Client](http://github.com/atmos/hancock-client/tree/master) Rack
  middleware client for the Hancock server, written in Sinatra
- [Rails Searchable API Doc](http://railsapi.com/) runs on Sinatra
- [Sinatra Saucer](http://github.com/angelic/sinatra_saucer) JRuby web application frontend for Flying Saucer, which converts xhtml into a pdf
- [Wink](http://github.com/rtomayko/wink) minimalist blogging engine
- [WineAdds](http://wineadds.com) micro-app that calculates common additions to wine
- [Deltacloud](http://www.deltacloud.org) Deltacloud protects your apps from cloud API changes and incompatibilies. REST API is written using Sinatra
- [jamMm.in](http://jammm.in) a music collaboration application

Libraries and extensions {#libs}
------------------------

- [sinatra\_more](http://github.com/nesquena/sinatra_more) Library with agnostic 
   generators, form builders, named route mappings, easy mailer support, and more.
- [Sinatra's Hat](http://github.com/nakajima/sinatras-hat) Mount models as web
  services in Sinatra with ease
- [Classy Resources](http://github.com/giraffesoft/classy_resources) Think
  [resources controller](http://plugins.ardes.com/doc/resources_controller),
  except for sinatra
- [Sinatra Ditties](http://github.com/foca/sinatra-ditties) A collection of
  plugins and useful helpers
- [Chicago](http://github.com/thumblemonks/chicago) runtime and testing
  helpers, extensions, and macros commonly used by
  [Thumblemonks](http://github.com/thumblemonks)
- [Capinatra](http://github.com/nakajima/capinatra) Quickly deploy Sinatra
  apps to Passenger.
- [Frankie](http://github.com/deadprogrammer/frankie) Easy creation of Facebook
  applications with Sinatra and the Facebook gem
- [Sinatra Application Template](http://github.com/zapnap/sinatra-template)
  Base app with DataMapper, Haml and RSpec. Fork and build.
- [Sinatra OAuth Provider](http://github.com/eddanger/sinatra-oauth-provider)
  an [OAuth](http://oauth.net) provider implemented with Sinatra
- [Spork](http://github.com/deadprogrammer/spork) Executes some aynchronous
  code using Sinatra running under Passenger
- [Retweet](http://github.com/zapnap/retweet) Create Twitter apps like
  tweetdreams.org with ease
- [Rack Flash](http://github.com/nakajima/rack-flash) Simple flash hash
  implementation for Rack with extra sugar for Sinatra.
- [Sinatra-REST](http://github.com/blindgaenger/sinatra-rest) generates RESTful
  routes for your models (ActiveRecord, DataMapper, Stone)
- [R18n](http://r18n.rubyforge.org/#sinatra) Agnostic i18n library with Sinatra
  extension.
- [url\_for](http://github.com/emk/sinatra-url-for/) Construct absolute paths
  and full URLs for current application.
- [WebIRC](http://github.com/andyherbert/WebIRC) Web-based IRC
  client.
- [content\_for](http://github.com/foca/sinatra-content-for) Rails-like `content_for`
  helper for your views (supports ERB and Haml.)
- [Sinatra Effigy](http://github.com/dancroak/sinatra-effigy) Sinatra extension
  for Effigy (HTML in .html files, Ruby in .rb files) views.
- [Sinatra Mongoid](http://github.com/dancroak/sinatra-mongoid) Sinatra extension
  for Mongoid (MongoDB ORM).
- [Haml::More](http://github.com/rkh/haml-more) Adds more functionality to Haml and Sass
- [Sinatra::AdvancedRoutes](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-advanced-routes) Makes routes first class objects
- [Sinatra::Compass](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-compass) Integrates the Compass stylesheet framework
- [Sinatra::ConfigFile](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-config-file) Adds YAML config file support
- [Sinatra::MoreServer](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-more-server) Adds support for more web servers to Sinatra::Base#run!
- [Sinatra::Namespace](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-more-server) Adds namespaces, allows namespaces to have local helpers.
- [Sinatra::Reloader](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-reloader) Advanced and fast code reloader
- [Sinatra::Sugar](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-sugar) Extensions for Sinatra's standard methods, like #set or #register
- [Sinatra::TestHelper](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-test-helper) Adds helper methods and better integration for various testing frameworks
- [Sinatra::WebInspector](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-web-inspector) Allows you to inspect a running app
- [Yard::Sinatra](http://github.com/rkh/yard-sinatra) Displays Sinatra routes (including comments) in YARD output
- [BigBand](http://github.com/rkh/big_band) Pre-configured replacement for Sinatra::Base setting up useful extensions

Websites {#sites}
--------
- [I Shoot Film](http://film.vqvz.com) presents Funkaoshi's film photography posted to Flickr organized by film rolls -- [on GitHub](http://github.com/funkaoshi/I-Shoot-Film).
- [Speed of Animals](http://www.speedofanimals.com/): imagine being a spotted hyena...
- [Bloor and Lansdowne is Blansdowne](http://blansdowne.ca) is a photoblog about a neighbourhood in Toronto.
- [NYLS Upload Tool](http://upload.citylaw.org) Web-based replacement of FTP
- [Fabulously40 Mobile](http://iphone.fabulously40.com) Sinatra powered mobile
  site of [Fabulously40](http://fabulously40.com/)
- [UploadBooth](http://uploadbooth.com) Sinatra powered Upload Service
- [Calendar About Nothing](http://calendaraboutnothing.com) Seinfeld calendar
  for hackers
- [irclogger](http://irclogger.com) Logging urz IRC channel
  [#sinatra](http://irclogger.com/sinatra)
- [Follow Cost](http://followcost.com) Is that Twitter celebrity worth
  the pain?
- [Is LOST on yet?](http://islostonyet.com/)
- [URL Unwind](http://urlunwind.com) Don't get RickRolled again
- [Tweetdreams](http://tweetdreams.org) Twitter dream journal
- [Does Follow](http://doesfollow.com) Twitter tool for figuring out who
  follows whom
- [portfolio.quirkey.com](http://portfolio.quirkey.com/)
- [go get me some](http://go-get-me-so.me/) Our new favorite timesink
- [Chargd](http://www.chargd.com/) The quick way to get paid
- [Gusg.us](http://gusg.us/) Blog - Ridding the long bus
- [Deleanotes](http://delanotes.com/)
- [Pagestacker](http://pagestacker.com)
- [themoviedb.org](http://api.themoviedb.org/) The name says it all :)
- [columnlog](http://github.com/quirkey/columnlog) Tiny feed fetching app
- [Your Fiveruns Dashboard](http://dash.fiveruns.com)
- [IronRuby](http://ironruby.info) Watch their great stats here
- [beeing.com](http://beeing.com/) Explore, Discover, Create
- [ZapText](http://zaptxt.com/) Never miss critical time sensitive data
  (API uses Sinatra)
- [MooURL](http://moourl.com/) The web's cutest URL shortening service
- [FlexCode](http://flexcode.com.br/) iPhone development
- [California PATH program - UC Berkley](http://www.path.berkeley.edu/)
  In-vehicle applications on their Vehicle-Infrastructure Integration server
- [TweepDiff](http://tweepdiff.com) Compare friends/followers of two Twitter
  users
- [CSptRun](http://csptrun.com/) Minimal URL shortening service
- [Effectif Development](http://effectif.com)
- [Six-Word Tweets](http://sixwordtweets.com) Stories told in only six words.
- [Chirp-chirp](http://blog.saush.com/2009/04/write-a-sinatra-based-twitter-clone-in-200-lines-of-ruby-code/) Write a Sinatra-based Twitter clone in 200 lines of Ruby code
- [Rdoc.info](http://rdoc.info/) Auto-generate and host Ruby library documentation using GitHub web hooks
- [All Sorts](http://all-sorts.org/) An aggregator for novel *collective nouns*, driven by Twitter
- [The Setup](http://usesthis.com/) Interviews with nerds about their computer setups.
- [Congrelate](http://congrelate.com) Congress data mashup visualization tool.
- [Scholas](http://schol.as) Social file-sharing for academics.
- [Gemcutter](http://gemcutter.org) Awesome gem hosting.
- [UKOfficeAdvisers](http://ukofficeadviser.co.uk/) Find serviced offices in the UK.
- [SavvyFranchises](http://www.savvyfranchises.com/) Franchise Search + Discovery for the Savvy Entrepreneur.
- [The Setup](http://usesthis.com/) The setup is a bunch of nerdy interviews ([Source](http://github.com/waferbaby/usesthis/))
- [A Good Company](http://www.weareagoodcompany.com/) An awesome little portfolio for a great design company.

Companies using Sinatra {#biz}
-----------------------
- [Heroku](http://heroku.com)
- [GitHub](http://github.com/blog/53-github-services-ipo)
- [Zenbe](http://zenbe.com) 
- [Agency Rainford](http://agencyrainford.com)
- [Songbird](http://getsongbird.com)
- [Curbed Network](http://curbed.com)
- [Meticulo](http://www.meticulo.com/)
- [Rock-n-code](http://www.rock-n-code.com/)
- [Solutious](http://solutious.com/)
- [Centro](http://www.centro.net/)
- [Apartment Therapy](http://www.apartmenttherapy.com)
- [Nitobi](http://nitobi.com)
- [Inventive Labs](http://inventivelabs.com.au/)
- [ENTP](http://entp.com)
- [FiveRuns](http://fiveruns.com)
- [Engine Yard](http://engineyard.com)
- [Citrusbyte](http://www.citrusbyte.com/)
- [Lomographic Society International](http://beta.lomography.com)
- [Swipht Technologies](http://www.swipht.com)
- [Nth Metal Interactive](http://nthmetal.com)
- [Osborne Brook](http://osbornebrook.co.uk)
- [Robot Mode](http://robotmo.de)
- [thoughtbot](http://thoughtbot.com)
- [Forward](http://forward.co.uk)
- [WyeWorks](http://www.wyeworks.com)
- [Idealist Digital](http://idealistdigital.fi)
- [A Good Company](http://www.weareagoodcompany.com)
- [Ylastic](http://ylastic.com)

Commit message:

Add Jaconda in "In The Wild" apps

wild.markdown, after:

---
title: Sinatra in The Wild
layout: default
---

*NOTE:* Feel free to fork
[Sinatra's website on GitHub](http://github.com/sinatra/sinatra.github.com)
and add your own entry to the `wild.markdown` file. Just push and we'll take
care of the rest.

Applications {#apps}
------------
- [Flickr Group Viewer](http://gv.vqvz.com) is a (nicer?) way to view photos in a flickr group -- [on GitHub](http://github.com/funkaoshi/gv.vqvz.com).
- [OnBoard](http://dev.vemarsas.it/onboard/) a web interface to manage Linux-based network appliances. 
- [Tweetrad.io](http://tweetrad.io/sinatra) text to speech conversion for twitter
- [Tweeps](http://tweeps.webdirections.org) conference app to aggregate
  tweets by attendees
- [Integrity](http://integrityapp.com) the easy and fun
  Continuous Integration server
- [Pearson Reader UAE](http://uae.pearsonreader.com) online textbooks for the
  Ministry of Education, Abu Dhabi
- [Healthy Communities](http://healthycommunities.lgsa.org.au) preventative
  health grant applications for Government
- [Sum](https://sumapp.com) is an email-based budgeting application
- [Shoes and a Shotgun](http://github.com/hansineffect/shoes-and-a-shotgun/)
  an one click development environment built on Shoes
- [Marley](http://github.com/karmi/marley) the blog engine
  without &lt;textareas&gt;
- [Postview](http://github.com/hallison/postview) a simple blog-engine that
  render text files written in [Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown).
- [Scanty](http://github.com/adamwiggins/scanty) an even more minimalist
  blogging engine
- [Scanty using CouchDB](http://github.com/jtulloch/scanty/tree/master)
- [Scanty using CouchDB 0.9.0a and CouchRest 0.16](http://github.com/norr/scanty/tree/master)
- [Haze](http://github.com/madx/haze) a lightweight and minimalist blogging
  engine using flat text files.
- [git-wiki](http://github.com/sr/git-wiki) a git-powered wiki
- [Wordnatra](http://github.com/gnugeek/wordnatra) an interface to Princeton's
  WordNet lexical dictionary
- [GitHub-FogBuz](http://github.com/johnreilly/github-fogbugz) logs your GitHub
  commits with FogBuz
- [Notable](http://github.com/namelessjon/notable) listens on Jabber to take
  your notes and then displays them back to you
- [Dash Sinatra](http://github.com/fiveruns/dash-sinatra) provides a Ruby API
  to push metrics from an app to the
  [FiveRuns Dash service](http://dash.fiveruns.com/)
- [Gaze](http://github.com/ichverstehe/gaze) tiny app that serves up your
  Markdown files
- [Giftsmas](http://github.com/jeremyevans/giftsmas) Gift Tracking Website
  using Sinatra, Sequel, and Scaffolding Extensions
- [Toopaste](http://github.com/zapnap/toopaste) Pastebin site created with
  Sinatra and DataMapper
- [Columnlog](http://github.com/quirkey/columnlog) Tiny feed fetching app
- [Kapow](http://code.google.com/p/kapow/) Comics on your iPhone
- [Knapsack](http://github.com/joseph/knapsack/tree/master) Pack pages into
  data URIs
- [Thumblmonks](http://github.com/thumblemonks/evoke/tree/master) Delayed HTTP
  Requests
- [weaky](http://github.com/benatkin/weaky) a basic CouchDB wiki
- [Amnesia](http://github.com/benschwarz/amnesia) an app that presents
  memcached server stats
- [Rash](http://github.com/webs/rash), Ruby, Twitter &amp; Hashtags
- [So Nice](http://github.com/sunny/so-nice) is a Small web interface to
  control iTunes, Rhythmbox or MPD
- [sinatra-rubygems](http://github.com/jnewland/sinatra-rubygems) A complete
  reimplementation of the gem server command as a Sinatra application
- [Nesta](http://effectif.com/nesta) is an SEO oriented CMS/blog for developers
- [Mogo](http://github.com/zapnap/mogo) A planet-style feed aggregator
- [Hancock](http://github.com/atmos/hancock/tree/master) A Single Sign On
  provider based on OpenID
- [Hancock Client](http://github.com/atmos/hancock-client/tree/master) Rack
  middleware client for the Hancock server, written in Sinatra
- [Rails Searchable API Doc](http://railsapi.com/) runs on Sinatra
- [Sinatra Saucer](http://github.com/angelic/sinatra_saucer) JRuby web application frontend for Flying Saucer, which converts xhtml into a pdf
- [Wink](http://github.com/rtomayko/wink) minimalist blogging engine
- [WineAdds](http://wineadds.com) micro-app that calculates common additions to wine
- [Deltacloud](http://www.deltacloud.org) Deltacloud protects your apps from cloud API changes and incompatibilies. REST API is written using Sinatra
- [jamMm.in](http://jammm.in) a music collaboration application
- [Jaconda](http://jaconda.im) A simple team collaboration service that allows you to create chat rooms for groups through Gtalk/Jabber protocol. REST API is written in Sinatra

Libraries and extensions {#libs}
------------------------

- [sinatra\_more](http://github.com/nesquena/sinatra_more) Library with agnostic 
   generators, form builders, named route mappings, easy mailer support, and more.
- [Sinatra's Hat](http://github.com/nakajima/sinatras-hat) Mount models as web
  services in Sinatra with ease
- [Classy Resources](http://github.com/giraffesoft/classy_resources) Think
  [resources controller](http://plugins.ardes.com/doc/resources_controller),
  except for sinatra
- [Sinatra Ditties](http://github.com/foca/sinatra-ditties) A collection of
  plugins and useful helpers
- [Chicago](http://github.com/thumblemonks/chicago) runtime and testing
  helpers, extensions, and macros commonly used by
  [Thumblemonks](http://github.com/thumblemonks)
- [Capinatra](http://github.com/nakajima/capinatra) Quickly deploy Sinatra
  apps to Passenger.
- [Frankie](http://github.com/deadprogrammer/frankie) Easy creation of Facebook
  applications with Sinatra and the Facebook gem
- [Sinatra Application Template](http://github.com/zapnap/sinatra-template)
  Base app with DataMapper, Haml and RSpec. Fork and build.
- [Sinatra OAuth Provider](http://github.com/eddanger/sinatra-oauth-provider)
  an [OAuth](http://oauth.net) provider implemented with Sinatra
- [Spork](http://github.com/deadprogrammer/spork) Executes some aynchronous
  code using Sinatra running under Passenger
- [Retweet](http://github.com/zapnap/retweet) Create Twitter apps like
  tweetdreams.org with ease
- [Rack Flash](http://github.com/nakajima/rack-flash) Simple flash hash
  implementation for Rack with extra sugar for Sinatra.
- [Sinatra-REST](http://github.com/blindgaenger/sinatra-rest) generates RESTful
  routes for your models (ActiveRecord, DataMapper, Stone)
- [R18n](http://r18n.rubyforge.org/#sinatra) Agnostic i18n library with Sinatra
  extension.
- [url\_for](http://github.com/emk/sinatra-url-for/) Construct absolute paths
  and full URLs for current application.
- [WebIRC](http://github.com/andyherbert/WebIRC) Web-based IRC
  client.
- [content\_for](http://github.com/foca/sinatra-content-for) Rails-like `content_for`
  helper for your views (supports ERB and Haml.)
- [Sinatra Effigy](http://github.com/dancroak/sinatra-effigy) Sinatra extension
  for Effigy (HTML in .html files, Ruby in .rb files) views.
- [Sinatra Mongoid](http://github.com/dancroak/sinatra-mongoid) Sinatra extension
  for Mongoid (MongoDB ORM).
- [Haml::More](http://github.com/rkh/haml-more) Adds more functionality to Haml and Sass
- [Sinatra::AdvancedRoutes](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-advanced-routes) Makes routes first class objects
- [Sinatra::Compass](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-compass) Integrates the Compass stylesheet framework
- [Sinatra::ConfigFile](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-config-file) Adds YAML config file support
- [Sinatra::MoreServer](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-more-server) Adds support for more web servers to Sinatra::Base#run!
- [Sinatra::Namespace](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-more-server) Adds namespaces, allows namespaces to have local helpers.
- [Sinatra::Reloader](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-reloader) Advanced and fast code reloader
- [Sinatra::Sugar](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-sugar) Extensions for Sinatra's standard methods, like #set or #register
- [Sinatra::TestHelper](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-test-helper) Adds helper methods and better integration for various testing frameworks
- [Sinatra::WebInspector](http://github.com/rkh/sinatra-web-inspector) Allows you to inspect a running app
- [Yard::Sinatra](http://github.com/rkh/yard-sinatra) Displays Sinatra routes (including comments) in YARD output
- [BigBand](http://github.com/rkh/big_band) Pre-configured replacement for Sinatra::Base setting up useful extensions

Websites {#sites}
--------
- [I Shoot Film](http://film.vqvz.com) presents Funkaoshi's film photography posted to Flickr organized by film rolls -- [on GitHub](http://github.com/funkaoshi/I-Shoot-Film).
- [Speed of Animals](http://www.speedofanimals.com/): imagine being a spotted hyena...
- [Bloor and Lansdowne is Blansdowne](http://blansdowne.ca) is a photoblog about a neighbourhood in Toronto.
- [NYLS Upload Tool](http://upload.citylaw.org) Web-based replacement of FTP
- [Fabulously40 Mobile](http://iphone.fabulously40.com) Sinatra powered mobile
  site of [Fabulously40](http://fabulously40.com/)
- [UploadBooth](http://uploadbooth.com) Sinatra powered Upload Service
- [Calendar About Nothing](http://calendaraboutnothing.com) Seinfeld calendar
  for hackers
- [irclogger](http://irclogger.com) Logging urz IRC channel
  [#sinatra](http://irclogger.com/sinatra)
- [Follow Cost](http://followcost.com) Is that Twitter celebrity worth
  the pain?
- [Is LOST on yet?](http://islostonyet.com/)
- [URL Unwind](http://urlunwind.com) Don't get RickRolled again
- [Tweetdreams](http://tweetdreams.org) Twitter dream journal
- [Does Follow](http://doesfollow.com) Twitter tool for figuring out who
  follows whom
- [portfolio.quirkey.com](http://portfolio.quirkey.com/)
- [go get me some](http://go-get-me-so.me/) Our new favorite timesink
- [Chargd](http://www.chargd.com/) The quick way to get paid
- [Gusg.us](http://gusg.us/) Blog - Ridding the long bus
- [Deleanotes](http://delanotes.com/)
- [Pagestacker](http://pagestacker.com)
- [themoviedb.org](http://api.themoviedb.org/) The name says it all :)
- [columnlog](http://github.com/quirkey/columnlog) Tiny feed fetching app
- [Your Fiveruns Dashboard](http://dash.fiveruns.com)
- [IronRuby](http://ironruby.info) Watch their great stats here
- [beeing.com](http://beeing.com/) Explore, Discover, Create
- [ZapText](http://zaptxt.com/) Never miss critical time sensitive data
  (API uses Sinatra)
- [MooURL](http://moourl.com/) The web's cutest URL shortening service
- [FlexCode](http://flexcode.com.br/) iPhone development
- [California PATH program - UC Berkley](http://www.path.berkeley.edu/)
  In-vehicle applications on their Vehicle-Infrastructure Integration server
- [TweepDiff](http://tweepdiff.com) Compare friends/followers of two Twitter
  users
- [CSptRun](http://csptrun.com/) Minimal URL shortening service
- [Effectif Development](http://effectif.com)
- [Six-Word Tweets](http://sixwordtweets.com) Stories told in only six words.
- [Chirp-chirp](http://blog.saush.com/2009/04/write-a-sinatra-based-twitter-clone-in-200-lines-of-ruby-code/) Write a Sinatra-based Twitter clone in 200 lines of Ruby code
- [Rdoc.info](http://rdoc.info/) Auto-generate and host Ruby library documentation using GitHub web hooks
- [All Sorts](http://all-sorts.org/) An aggregator for novel *collective nouns*, driven by Twitter
- [The Setup](http://usesthis.com/) Interviews with nerds about their computer setups.
- [Congrelate](http://congrelate.com) Congress data mashup visualization tool.
- [Scholas](http://schol.as) Social file-sharing for academics.
- [Gemcutter](http://gemcutter.org) Awesome gem hosting.
- [UKOfficeAdvisers](http://ukofficeadviser.co.uk/) Find serviced offices in the UK.
- [SavvyFranchises](http://www.savvyfranchises.com/) Franchise Search + Discovery for the Savvy Entrepreneur.
- [The Setup](http://usesthis.com/) The setup is a bunch of nerdy interviews ([Source](http://github.com/waferbaby/usesthis/))
- [A Good Company](http://www.weareagoodcompany.com/) An awesome little portfolio for a great design company.

Companies using Sinatra {#biz}
-----------------------
- [Heroku](http://heroku.com)
- [GitHub](http://github.com/blog/53-github-services-ipo)
- [Zenbe](http://zenbe.com) 
- [Agency Rainford](http://agencyrainford.com)
- [Songbird](http://getsongbird.com)
- [Curbed Network](http://curbed.com)
- [Meticulo](http://www.meticulo.com/)
- [Rock-n-code](http://www.rock-n-code.com/)
- [Solutious](http://solutious.com/)
- [Centro](http://www.centro.net/)
- [Apartment Therapy](http://www.apartmenttherapy.com)
- [Nitobi](http://nitobi.com)
- [Inventive Labs](http://inventivelabs.com.au/)
- [ENTP](http://entp.com)
- [FiveRuns](http://fiveruns.com)
- [Engine Yard](http://engineyard.com)
- [Citrusbyte](http://www.citrusbyte.com/)
- [Lomographic Society International](http://beta.lomography.com)
- [Swipht Technologies](http://www.swipht.com)
- [Nth Metal Interactive](http://nthmetal.com)
- [Osborne Brook](http://osbornebrook.co.uk)
- [Robot Mode](http://robotmo.de)
- [thoughtbot](http://thoughtbot.com)
- [Forward](http://forward.co.uk)
- [WyeWorks](http://www.wyeworks.com)
- [Idealist Digital](http://idealistdigital.fi)
- [A Good Company](http://www.weareagoodcompany.com)
- [Ylastic](http://ylastic.com)
